to ever start off you know festival
model is always very Malaysian inspired
in God star design in terms of our focus
as well is you know we want to sort of
grow the brand and sort of a you know
the main thing we always sort of ask
themselves you know how do we make
ourselves applicable to the
international crowd so I guess one of
the main things is that you know that
sort of defined really the theme of the
collection for 2015 and moving onward
surf there for 2015 you know crossing
borders itself now we want to tap into
other different things like lifestyles
not only of Malaysians but of our
neighboring countries and at the same
point of time you know trying to reach
outside of Southeast Asia itself you
know we wanted to sort of include
certain iconic things that people would
be able to see and go like okay you know
I I can relate to that I've seen that of
experience that because you know when it
comes down to our clothing it's all
about experiences and it's all about
conversational status so the whole thing
you know we want how close to really
sort of speak who we are and what we
really want to achieve so I start found
out of agenda four years ago and you
know when when I sort of looked at the
gender as a whole you know it's always
like showcasing all the coolest things
all the most talented clothing Zionists
or clothing brands were sort of taking
part within the show so you know it's
always been a dream of mine as well as
all of us you know to be a part of it
and I think past four or five years you
know i'm working on a flexion extremely
hot and now we said okay you know i
think we are much more ready for it
we've got a very extensive collection i
mean we only started off with t-shirts
but now we do everything from head to
toe from hit we're down to song so we
said okay you know i think we're ready
at the same point of time our subject
matters of our t-shirts or clothing
is I feel that it's a lot more appealing
to international crowd to set up here
let's let's try this out and I will took
that plunge and here we are one week
away from agenda festival model will be
showcasing our spring summer 2016 we are
six months away from that collection and
are we going to be showcasing it at
agenda I've only been to a gender once
and just from my solder observation
there no brands out there representing
Southeast Asia for us being in a way I
guess you say pioneers or leading the
way the main thing for us to sort of
pave the way for other brands well
follow after it's always been a dream of
ours and you know it's finally coming to
life and we hope to see many of our
other friends as well you know an agenda
down the track and I guess you know for
us what were you also want to sort of
show that it's very much possible you
know even though we're a good 20 plus
hours away from America it's very
possible to sort of be a part of it and
I guess for us that's one of the main
things that we want to talk show here
the main thing that we want to achieve
from this trip is of course you know to
get international attention you know
hope to open accounts it in America
really sort of share what what uploads
you know that's the main thing so able
to share our clothes and idealisms as
well and our lifestyle you know excuse
international community yeah that's
that's something I believe that we all
are extremely unique and something that
did not you know used to sing so that
would be actually that'd be really
really cool